JULIAN'S LOGBOOK

Problem 1 - CatGame
Design Ideas:
I gather that each cat can move either left or right, it is not that ALL cats move left/right. So typically i would want the lowest position cat to always move up (right), and the highest to always look to move down.
The middle cat(s) then need to move left or right depending on which will keep it closest. I also notice that cats can end on the same space, resulting in 0 as the return. 
I think to begin i want to program the highest and lowest cats to move closer as said above, and then some sort of conditional check to see if any in the centre should move left or right.

Troubleshooting:
Initial implementation i think i managed to have my program expanding the range as much as possible rather than minimising it.
I am also comparing the positions of all cats moved left and then all cats moved right. 
I got a bit mixed up and didnt follow my design ideas correctly.
After a revision to get it closer to my original thought process, it am still encountering issues. I was taking a greedy approach which was clearly causing some issues. 
I think i can try to use a bit mask to check every combination and then returning the minrange from that instead.
That approach passed 85/100 cases, so definitley better. It seems to just not be working for larger cases. I think while in theory the bitmask does work, the larger inputs just cause issues. So i will have to revise this one again.
I might just come back to this one after working on a couple of the others.

Reflection:
I am not sure why i struggled so much on this one. I knew exactly what i wanted to do to solve it, and was able to get that logic in code too eventually. I think i just wasnt able to handle the 'interior' cats correctly.


Problem 2 - CellRemoval
Design Ideas:
I think this is the first problem i have done that involves working with a tree. I guess the rough plan for this solution would be to build the tree with an adjacency list. Then starting from 
deletedCell, i can traverse the dependants and mark them as deleted. Then i just count the remaining cells, using something like a DFS.
This definitley seems like the most complicated problem so far, however i dont think it should acctually be too difficult. I will just need to utilise a few different techniques that i have learned from this class
and previous classes.
Also we did somewhat work with a tree structure with the manager dependants problem from last week i think.

Troubleshooting:
First implementation i believe has an issue with the DFS, wehre it is not correctly handling the cells with one or no children. I just need to adjust the DFS logic to make sure that when a parent node has only one remaining 
child, the reminaing child is correctly counted.

Reflection:
Ok thats got it fully working. While i didnt find this problem as difficult as others, it definitley required me to implement some more complicated strategies and combine them together. This included things like
handling a tree, helper functions and DFS. I think if i got a problem like this in the prac exam i would have a pretty bad time but luckily i had time and no pressure to get it done while at home.


Problem 3 - CubeStickers
Design Ideas:
I think this one will be quite logic based and the solution will depend on how many stickers there are of each colour. From what i can think of the requirements for a valid solution are:
1. if we have 3 or more stickers of the smae colour then at most 2 of those can be placed
2. if we have exactly 2 stickers of the same colour then we can use both
3. if we have only 1 sticker of a colour then we can use it.
I can code in these checks, however i presume i will encounter issues where there are something like several colours of 2 stickers, where they pass the max sticker check but cannot all fit on without at least 
1 being placed in an invalid position.

Troubleshooting:
No issues.

Reflection:
I had no issues with this one. It is interesting how in some problems i find it very easy vs others (even supposedly easier ones), i have a hard time. It shows where my knowledge lies and what i am generally more
confident working with. This one just required a basic understanding of the logic checks required and then the use of a map to count frequencies of each colour, solving it very simply.
I guess my strenghts lie more in the logic and thinking of solutions, but i get lost when forced to do more difficult coding practices.

Problem 4 - ErdosNumber
Design Ideas:
Ok so Erdos has an erdos number of 0, and each author who has co-authored a paper with an author with an erdos number 'n' has an erdos number of 'n+1'. I think this is a BFS problem, which is a nice change from the DFS
i used just before.
So the process to solve this is:
 - Treat problem as a graph where each node is an author and each edge exists if authors have co-authored a paper
 - Start with Erdos (erdos number = 0) and explore all co-authors using BFS, assign erdos numbers as we traverse the graph
 - Final output will be the return of the list of the authors sorted. If an author cannot be connected to Erdos, just return their name with no number.

Troubleshooting:
I took a little while and got stuck at some points, but no major issues surprisingly.

Reflection:
This week managed to have the hardest problem so far, and then this one after which was even harder. These problems at least, seem to be more based on my understanding of the logic behind the solution rather than 
being just difficult in general. I think because i was able to undestand the logic i didnt have as much trouble with it, as i was able to take as long as i needed to actually just code it. Again, in a prac exam, 
a problem like this would be bordering on just instantly skipping and working on the next.
